Add warning about out of order execution (#764)
lukso-network/docs: docs/standards/universal-profile/lsp6-key-manager.md

> - Signed messages with sequential nonces should be **executed in order**, meaning a signed message with nonce 4 can't be executed before the signed message with nonce 3. This is a critical problem which can limit the usage of relay execution.

Reviewer: There is a typo above:

**exist** ✅ , not **existed** ❌ 

<img width="328" alt="image" src="https://github.com/lukso-network/docs/assets/31145285/46b8ad7e-d6a8-45de-b3bb-82dd1ea485c9">

:::warning

> When execution 3 sequential relay calls with sequential nonces in a single channel, you need to keep in mind the fact that if the first transaction does revert, the next 2 will revert as well. That happens because a nonce is assigned to each relay call.

Reviewer: Let's precise **relay call nonces** and Key Manager. Otherwise, newcomers could get confused with generic blockchain nonces.

```suggestion
When executing 3 sequential relay calls with sequential nonces in a single channel (= nonces from the KeyManager retrieved via [`getNonce`](./link-to-abi-function), keep in mind that **if the first transaction does revert, the next 2 will revert in turns**. That happens because a Key Manager nonce is assigned to each relay call.
```

E.g.:

- First relay call - nonce is 4
- Second relay call - nonce is 5
- Third relay call - nonce is 6

> Now there is also a nonce stored on chain in the LSP6 contract, one of the requirements for executing a relay call is to have the same nonce on chain as the one assigned to the executed relay call. After each successful execution the on chain nonce is incremented.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
One of the requirements for executing a relay call is that **the latest nonce (for a specific signer) stored on-chain in the Key Manager contract must be the same as the one used when signing the executed relay call**. After each successful execution, the on-chain nonce is incremented.
```

> Given that the on chian nonce is 4 and we are executing the relay calls from the example. The first relay call has matching nonces. If it is executed the on chain nonce will become 5 and now the second relay call has matching nonce with the on chain nonce, permiting exeution. Now if the first relay call reverts, the on chain nonce remains 4 and now it's not matching with the nonce assigned to the second relay call and so it cannot be executed.

Reviewer: Suggest rewording:

```suggestion
Given the example above, the on-chain nonce is 4 and we are executing the relay calls.

**If the first relay call pass ✅**
- First relay call: nonce was 4 -> incremented to 5
- Second relay call: nonce was 5 -> incremented to 6
- Third relay call: nonce was 6 -> incremented to 7

**If the first relay call fails ❌ **
- **First relay call reverts ❌** nonce was 4 -> nonce remains 4
- Second relay call: nonce on-chain is 4 -> nonce used to sign was 5 = reverts ❌ with `InvalidRelayNonce`
- Third relay call: nonce on-chain is 5 -> nonce used to sign was 6 = reverts ❌ with `InvalidRelayNonce`
```

Reviewer: Can even add the link to the custom error `InvalidRelayNonce` in the Key Manager contract ABI docs.
